# supervised-machine-learning-challenge
Lending services companies allow individual investors to partially fund personal loans as well as buy and sell notes backing the loans on a secondary market.

You will be using this data to create machine learning models to classify the risk level of given loans. Specifically, you will be comparing the Logistic Regression model and Random Forest Classifier.

Before You Begin
Create a new repository for this project called supervised-machine-learning-challenge. Do not add this Challenge to an existing repository.

Clone the new repository to your computer.

Inside your local git repository, create a directory for the Supervised Machine Learning Challenge. Use the folder names to correspond to the challenges: LogisticRegression and RandomForestClassifier.

Push the above changes to GitHub.
Instructions
Retrieve the data
Import the data using Pandas.

Consider the Models
You will be creating and comparing two models on this data: a Logistic Regression, and a Random Forests Classifier. Before you create, fit, and score the models, make a prediction as to which model you think will perform better. You do not need to be correct! Write down your prediction (in markdown cells in your Jupyter Notebook or in a separate document), and provide justification for your educated guess.

Fit a LogisticRegression model and RandomForestClassifier model
Create a Logistic Regression model, fit it to the data, and print the model's score. Do the same for a Random Forest Classifier. You may choose any starting hyperparameters you like. Which model performed better? How does that compare to your prediction? Write down your results and thoughts.


References
Loan Approval Dataset (2022). Data generated by Trilogy Education Services, a 2U, Inc. brand, and is intended for educational purposes only.
